I hope you're a while how you did take
me through your daily routine like what
time do you get up in the morning uh you
talking about like - no okay
well 3 a.m. to pee mm-hmm and then back
down or people know about that then I
try to go back down I usually wake up
around 5:00 in the morning 5:00 yep
and then I look at my sizzle reel uh-huh
I do that daily huh each day how long is
it that's only 7:00 to 8:00 this morning
honestly I made a peach smoothie uh-huh
and peach and strawberry smoothie you
really want enough frozen beaches or I
freeze the peaches beforehand and the
strawberries put a little flack see it
in there uh-huh
little peacock do you freeze the peaches
yourself or are you buying frozen pie
freeze the peaches might cut them at
night I'll cut it uh-huh
and then I'll put it into the freezer
this is a fascinating game night I've
been doing that lately yes each night
yeah tonight after uh when I go home
I'll freeze my fruit and my eggs and and
then in the morning I'll go WOW
exactement
really really really starting to live in
adult life you really are you and your
family spend like the whole summer up in
British Columbia know what you know I'm
fascinated by this because I have
fantasies about this myself
what goes on up there what do you do
while you're there
well I get up at 3:00 in the morning
urinate
no I live in them live in the middle of
the wood can I just tell you somebody
yeah I'm so embarrassed I my phone is
ringing is it really up and chewy ants
it's in the ankle it's in the yeah I'm
not answering that I brought it out
because you know you do this mean tweet
thing yeah I don't need like my
relatives send me texts before they know
that I'm coming I got a text from my
cousin can I read it
yeah sure please do this is this is a
text I don't need me tweets because this
is the text I got right before I got
said the iPhone - it runs on a diesel
just read that your own Kimmel tonight
please don't embarrass the family do
something different like be funny which
cousin wrote that name is Joey
Naza relah you love the Joey Nezzer
Ellen yeah yeah I do
I didn't know that well he's my cousin's
cousin I see okay removed but back to
camp yeah back to Canada I live in the
woods and we had I've trained a lot of
the animals in the wood you have to do
what like when I get home
birds will fly around on my shoulders
take my sweater off like a Disney movie
like a Disney movie
I have a moose that looks after the land
what's what's the mooses name is he have
a name is Glen Internet and that kind of
stuff oh but he takes care of the
surrounding area when you guys leave for
the summer heat Glen takes care of the
land is there look of the problems now
yes and you love it do you feel sad when
you have to come back to California
well you know I think and I think those
of us that live in cities and suburbs
you know it'd be serious for a second I
think in chaotic times that we're in
when we live in these K at a time time
speeds up to me and in the woods it
really really really slows down mm-hm
and that to me is very beneficial and
you
I like to walk through the woods and you
know pick mushrooms and not that kind
just regular just regular bunnies do the
kids like your kid you we have the same
our kids are the same age right here
five min to do the kids like being up
there and being in nature yeah they they
like to there's a lot of running around
there's a lot of nudity oh the Lord of
the Flies type thing they're not nude I
am let's do creepy but it's nice it's
nice to be able to go up there Canada's
a really really nice place to be
are they are the children well-adjusted
are you weird with them or no one I
don't know because because of me my
personality you're asking if they're
well-adjusted or not well four seconds
ago you said you're running around nude
with them though right yeah good boy
good boy yeah yeah yeah I'm proud of
them very very they're not rebelling and
being like extra normal or anything like
that
hi what are they gonna do well mine does
stuff mine doesn't my kids do a lot of
weird things like what well for instance
my son Oh brazenly fondled his
grandmother's breasts yesterday and he
said nonny boobie nonny boobie nonny
boobie as he grabbed one of them and
then took a beat and went over the other
one and said nonny boobie nonny boobie
so there's that well I do have something
to say that I shouldn't say that some
television you should say it you
consider you cut it out of here oh yeah
well cut it out okay it'll just be for
them sure from the ladies in Frankfurt
I really want you to cut this out okay
are you alright
alright good alright my son who's - he
he saw me that was peeing uh-huh three
of the morning know um and I was done
and he walks up to me and just the way
he said it he goes dad can I touch your
big penis
anyway I look forward to you putting
that under the show and what did you say
I said no and I mean yeah you did the
right thing yeah I watched your movie
last night
you owe your money back no I didn't pay
anything so but it oh no it was great
very very funny it is very fun thank you
this is a show based on a very everybody
knows I would imagine that everybody
knows between two ferns yes no I'm the
one you did just the one you did with
Barack Obama got like a zillion of
people watching that yes right yeah so
maybe people know it from because he was
on it but yeah we made a movie format of
this five minute Internet he did one I
did one of the first between two that's
right yeah yeah
right and so if you don't know they're
just these rude interview shows where I
get to say things that I wonder if you
ever fantasize about saying rude I mean
you kind of say rude things to be like
are you equipped to raise children that
kind of thing got a lot of actors that
people know I didn't know a lot of them
but yeah they're great some great people
with minitek Cumberbatch to Tiffany
Haddish that letter David Letterman yeah
yeah David Letterman got John Legend
disease yeah Tegan
Oh Matthew McConaughey yes that's right
yeah right well you know what let's take
a break when we come back I want to hear
the story about what happened because
there's a great scene with Matthew
McConaughey and also Zack is something
yesterday that is even more ridiculous
than the story he just told us Zach
Galifianakis is here
zach is here he's got a movie on Netflix
in fact you had the first original
content ever on Netflix which is pretty
crazy yeah I think the live at the
purple onion the salmon of saying they
ever produced and for some reason they
went on and made themselves a company
after that bit yeah yeah yeah that was
the first thing I think that Netflix
ever ever did yeah
first original thing they ever did and
now here you are many years later you
have fits show between two ferns which
is not really a show it's a series of
vignettes interviews that you do with
people and you ask them weird questions
man you did something yesterday you
promoted this in I think of a very
unusual and creative way yeah well the
show is that the movie takes place in a
cable access station so we try to go
promote the show at cable access at real
cable on a real cable access television
show yeah yeah lower tier television is
how many shows did you do I did two
yesterday just did - how did you book
them did you watch and decide which ones
you want to be honored you go by the
title I just said if you can find a
cable access place that's 30 minutes
from my house I'll go do it you will go
do it so they found one that was thirty
five minutes from my house and this is
this is not it's not part of the movie
this Joe this is a real thing really I
didn't know what I was doing yesterday I
didn't know what show I don't do a lot
of research and so I just walked in and
I think I don't haven't seen this I
don't know what this is
well you're gonna love it
can I ask you know what it does
psychologic are they circumcised I I was
but I got it put back on oh all right
did you have its own decals
there's a guy down in Orange County
that'll do it and even do that yeah yeah
dad you could add blank front to it
especially if a man's got a ball one
he's got a lappers is that why I did it
laughs to personal movies they seem to
like you did they see the movie no
they've never heard of me yeah they we
didn't know we weren't familiar with
each other so I mentioned Matthew
McConaughey and IKEA in the trailer I
think it's okay to say it doesn't ruin
it in the trailer you guys be there's a
leak and it becomes a flood mm-hmm and
eventually you're trapped in an aquarium
yeah so there was this big water gag
with B of Matthew he's a good friend of
mine now so after we were doing this big
water scene a lot of like we were wet
both of us so uh-huh we went outside of
the studio and I'm drenched wet and I
start kind of taking my shirt off and
then I noticed he started taking his
shirt off
and I went are you gonna take your shirt
off he goes yeah man I go oh I couldn't
put mine back on put a Matthew
McConaughey you didn't want to embarrass
him I didn't want to embarrass him
that's nice it's very young age I liked
him on really nice guys one other thing
that I know is now behind you but
baskets your great show on FX which I
absolutely
it's done why is there people in this
audience clapping like they know the
show that ever watched the show you know
it's funny you say that because I
actually went online and this is why I
think you shouldn't have ended it this
so soon yeah I went on on Google and I
think our computers broken but trust me
on this one do this at home go on Google
right now and type in the word baskets
and when you do your show comes up
before the actual product known as
baskets you're like the first six
entries are your show and then we get to
the wicker yeah that doesn't seem right
to me baskets themselves are more
important than baskets of TV turns out
you're wrong they are any sense don't
you google my name the first thing that
comes up is 3 a.m. P P time that could
be your next thing for Netflix you know
it's gonna be now
Netflix Thank You Zach we'll be right
back Whitney Lake Bell hi i'm jimmy
kimmel an evil wizard has trapped me
inside this YouTube video click
subscribe to help me escape